hi and thank you for stopping by at
Nina's kitchen on this cooking tutorial
we will be learning how to make yaki
udon pork yaki udon is similar to yaki
soba they are both Japanese stir-fried
noodle dishes but instead of using soba
noodles like in yaki soba we will be
using food on noodles instead food on
noodles are thicker chewy noodles with
more surface area for the sauce to
adhere to package you dog noodles like
the one we'll be using in our tutorial
are relatively easy to find in most
grocery stores in the Asian section you
can also order them online please check
in this description box linked in our
webpage this dish takes under 20 minutes
to make and it's great for lunch or
dinner
leftovers heat up well in the microwave
as well are you ready it's time for a
yucky yucky la and thick and chewy
noodles of fun ooh da new dawn getcha
noodle on first let's go over all the
ingredients 2 packages of food on
noodles feel free to use or discard the
flavor packet already included with the
noodles a half a pound of pork or a meat
of your choice 3 to 4 shiitake mushrooms
or you could substitute button mushrooms
for bundles of Chinese broccoli or you
can substitute cabbage two stalks of
green onion 1/2 of a medium red onion
1/2 a cup of matchstick carrots
for our sauce we will need two
tablespoons of soy sauce 1 tablespoon of
mirin 1 tablespoon of sugar here what
we're using organic coconut sugar but
you can use any sugar of your choice 2
tablespoons of water or you could
substitute vegetable broth for stir
frying we will need 1 tablespoon of oil
and for our toppings we will need bonito
flakes but this is optional and a little
dash of salt and pepper for our meat to
season preparation steps trim the fat
from the pork then cut meat into thin
long strips a quarter inch wide across
the grain
see that with a little salt and pepper
cut up one green onion into one inch
length
discard the white tips cut up the
remaining green onion into one-eighth
inch widths for the topping
set this aside
cut red onions into thin slices
roughly chop the Chinese broccoli into a
half-inch wide pieces
cut the stem of the shiitake mushrooms
and thinly slice them
combine the sauce ingredients add soy
sauce
Miron
water
and sugar in a bowl
oil ooh dog noodles as directed break
them up while boiling
and drain
now we'll parboil the Chinese broccoli
do this for a minute and then drain
cooking steps
in a pre-season walk heat oil on
medium-high heat add in your meat and
stir until almost cooked
add in the red and green onions stir and
cook until soften add in carrots
shiitake mushrooms and Chinese broccoli
stir for another 3 minutes add in the
pre boil
idan noodles and cook for additional two
minutes add the sauce pre-made earlier
stir to incorporate all the sauce
you
and now we're ready to serve
serve on a plate then sprinkle bonito
flakes and green onions on top at the
very end
this is a wonderfully delicious meal and
it serves up to four people have fun and
enjoy and let us know what you think in
the comment box below and don't forget
to subscribe thank you for watching here
at Mina's kitchen bye
for more information about this recipe
or others please visit our website you
can also find us on Facebook Pinterest
and Instagram if you liked this video
and want to see more give us a thumbs up
and subscribe see you next time